Written description:

  This project was designed to compare breweries and beers in the United States. It was a dataset someone put together by web scraping from multiple review sites in 2017. It was also cleaned and organized into a .csv so that I did not have to do a lot of tidying. The project was inspired by my housemates interest in breweries, having them find the content entertaining made testing the app much easier. Important variables in this data set were beer name, brewery name, beer style, ABV value, IBU value, the city location of the brewery, and the rating for the style of beer. 
  A major choice I made based on class concepts was from the expressing uncertainty and ethics section. Choosing to use a lollipop chart that showed the mean for each style rating as well as each individual entry for style rating showed the user the variation within the group and prevented any over-simplification of the data. A concept we learned in intro to data visualization was the "data-to-ink" ratio. Considering that ratio, I chose to not label each point in the lollipop charts as that would clutter the plot. 
  Another concept from class that was implemented was from the mapping section. We discussed throughout the course that color scheme is important as that can be quickly interpreted and misleading when people look at visualizations. In the maps that I produced, I chose a color scheme to fill the circles on the map. The colors were based upon the rating for the style of beer that circle was representing. I chose a continuous color scale so that the color was more vivid for higher rated beer. This makes the scale much easier for users to interpret. This also relates to ethics. This data set was not particularly hard on ethics because it was not a sensitive subject matter but misleading colors and scales can definitely be an issue of ethics.
  I would connect another data set to this one in the future, with ratings for each beer. I also think that changing all of the data to be website scraped in the moment, rather than stagnant data from 2017 would be a helpful thing to do. As far as things in this project that I would like to change, the only thing I am still wanting to do is change the cluster colors on the maps. I would like for them to be different shades of orange with the size of the clusters, so that they go with the scheme better. I simply ran out of time to figure that out but I think it would be a great thing to add. 
